https://github.com/shakiba/fastcontext
Always ask "what is the next thing I can do that will most easily make the game better?"
Todo
    make a start screen mode that is similar to pause mode, but has the title "space rocket"
        instead of "pause"
            Draw "press any key"
            Draw "space rocket" title text
            place "space rocket", "press any key", "up and down arrows move rocket"
                "escape is start/pause"
            position text images properly
    don't have asteroids clipped by the bottom
        range of appearance is 0 to height - asteroid height
    put up on digital ocean
        how does it load in iconito? Do I need some loading logic?
    make another "let's make" video where I explain how I made the game
    Follow Extra credits advice for publicizing the game
        trailer, etc.
    move the stuff in this file to trello and a document (as appropriate)
    game is a little choppy, what are some ideas to speed it up?
        only render on 'tick'
            merge clock in effects reduce, change commands array to steam, no reduce
        look at html5 canvas optimizations
        don't use R.prop if you don't have to
        try not using array methods for map, filter, etc
        make your own versions of some of these functions optimized for your use
        try using a persistent data structure like immutable.js or the clojurescript one
    write tests for everything
        https://github.com/jhnns/rewire
            should allow you to test private module functions
        Do I need to test my little RxJs chain?
        How would I test render?
    use flow or typescript?
    linters
    Refactor render
        use your defined drawImage
    move all mode info in game state into a "modes" object
    Make asteroids of various sizes
    need to redo collision image logic
    make asteroids rotate at various speeds
    give the player the ability to shoot
    show player stats on pause screen?
    I'd kinda like the ability to change controls
    asteroids should only show up fully on screen or they can show up partially on the top
        of the screen too.
    nextAsteroidDuration should also be random?
    use collision rectangles slightly smaller than the image rects
    collision doesn't need screenHeight
    Soundtrack and sound effects
    can I make the asteroid random numbers not quite random so I can tweak things?
    You can make the game more full screen if you remove the canvas css margin
    in-game tutorial bits that tell you to press up and down?
        when you get the ability to shoot, tutorial should tell you to press space
    should have a registry of images and only start game when onload has completed for all
        maybe
        I should test the site in incognito mode. I want to make sure the game
    make the asteroids have random sizes within a range
    asteroids move at different speeds
    tweak with frequency of new asteroid appearance
        should not be fixed. Should also be random
    rotate asteroids at different rates
        http:stackoverflow.com/questions/17411991/html5-canvas-rotate-image
        make rotate image function that takes an image and context
    make a set of asteroid images so they don't all look the same
    What else before I call it done?
    put up on heroku and porfolio
    Make a splash screen for the start of the game
        Just the star background moving
        The words "Space Rocket!"
        and a larger image of the ship

Todo later:
make a function that takes gamestate, canvas height and width,
and modifies game state dimensions appropriately
use it on initial state,
in subscribe: use it to modify state and canvas when window resizes
No functions will be able to rever to context.canvas, instead gamestate will
keep a record of canvas width and height
    keep improving, iterating, etc until people play it.
    TODO should render also be a switch based on mode?
    TODO get image dimensions by javascript
    rocketWidth = rocketLength * (48 / 122),  divide by image dimensions
http:stackoverflow.com/questions/5633264/javascript-get-image-dimensions
